---
title: 1
date: 2020-02-15 20:53:49
description:
tags: 
	- kaikai
categories:
	- english
copyright:
urlname: 001
image:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">001</span>
Most researchers reported having pride in their institutions and passion for their work, but spoke of the high personal toll of their environment. Many accepted that pressure and long hours came with the territory. But researchers said that the situation was worsening and that the negative aspects were no longer offset by job security and the ability to work autonomously, flexibly and creatively.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
What can be inferred from the text?
A. Most researchers are substantially underpaid.
B. Job security cannot cancel out adverse aspects.
C. Most researchers have regular working hours.
D. Scientists were no longer respected by the public.
<!--more-->
B.

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
Most researchers reported having pride in their institutions and passion for their work, but spoke of the high personal toll of their environment.
许多研究者<span id="inline-red">被报道</span>为在他们的<span id="inline-red">研究领域</span><span id="inline-red">富有成就</span>并且对工作充满激情，但是却饱受生活环境的折磨。
report == spoke of
have pride in --> high personal toll of

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span> 
 Many accepted that pressure and long hours came with the territory. But researchers said that the situation was worsening and that the negative aspects were no longer offset by job security and the ability to work autonomously, flexibly and creatively. 
许多人<span id="inline-red">认为</span>压力和长时间的工作伴随着地位而来。 territory == situation. 但是，研究者们认为这种状况正在变得糟糕，工作的安全感，工作的独立性，自由性和创造性不再能抵消这种负面的情况。

<span id="inline-purple">toll</span>  a very bad effect that something has on something or someone over a long period of time.
<span id="inline-purple">territory</span>  to be a natural and accepted part of a particular job, situation, place etc:
<span id="inline-purple">autonomously</span>an autonomous place or organization is free to govern or control itself SYN independent.
<span id="inline-purple">underpaid</span> earning less money than you deserve for your work.

<span id="inline-red">reported</span> 表示
<span id="inline-red">in their institutions</span> 所属机构
<span id="inline-red">accepted that</span> 接受
<span id="inline-red">have pride in</span> 感到自豪




