---
title: 13
date: 2020-02-22 11:40:59
description:
tags:
	- kaikai
categories:
	- english
urlname: 13
image:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">13</span>
The government removed the cap on student numbers, encouraging institutions to compete with each other for applicants: but admissions rose quicker than staff number, inevitable reducing the quality of education. There's another consequence of marketisation : as debt-laden students head for degrees they think will maximize their earning potential, many vital courses suffer. The University of Sunderland is axing its history, politics and foreign language courses, for example, expressing a desire for a more "career-focused and professions-facing" approach.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
University of Sunderland has cut humanity courses because__.
A. the government makes the rule on it.
B. competent teachers are hard to find.
C. they want to attract more applicants.
D. These classes are of little significance

<!--more-->

主干---黄色
红色---定语
绿色---状语
紫色---同位语
蓝色---灵活机动表示

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
The government removed the cap on student numbers, encouraging institutions to compete with each other for applicants: but admissions rose quicker than staff number, inevitable reducing the quality of education.


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
There's another consequence of marketisation : as debt-laden students head for degrees they think will maximize their earning potential, many vital courses suffer.


<span id="inline-toc">3.</span>
 The University of Sunderland is axing its history, politics and foreign language courses, for example, expressing a desire for a more "career-focused and professions-facing" approach.
