---
title: 17
date: 2020-02-25 09:51:11
description:
tags:
 - kaikai
categories:
 - english
urlname: 17
image:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">17</span>
The hose of Windsor is perpetually said to be in "crisis." Not because it is but because this is the language that headline writers prefer. For examples of monarchies that have been in crisis, we might remember the royal families of Russia, Germany, Italy, and Greece, among others. By comparison not just with these, but with almost every other institution on earth, the British royal family is an unparalleled success.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
According to the author, the British royal family is often said to be in crisis because__.
A. its membeers are involved in scandals.
B. news media want to draw attention.
C. it is the most successful royal house.
D. it features frequently in the front page.


<!--more-->
B.

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
The hose of Windsor is perpetually said to be in "crisis.
Winsor 的房子被一直说在危机中。

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
Not because it is but because this is the language that headline writers prefer.
没有什么其他的原因只是新闻的头条喜欢这样。



<span id="inline-toc">3.</span>
 For examples of monarchies that have been in crisis, we might remember the royal families of Russia, Germany, Italy, and Greece, among others.
当我们提到皇室正处于危机中，我们或许会记得俄罗斯，德国，意大利，希腊的皇室。


<span id="inline-toc">4.</span>
By comparison not just with these, but with almost every other institution on earth, the British royal family is an unparalleled success.
但我们不再对比这些，而是对比整个地球上的组织，英国皇室家庭是取得无与伦比的成功的一个。


---
<span id="inline-green">The House of Windsor</span> The House of Windso is the British royal family.
<span id="inline-green">monarichies</span> A monarchy is a system in which a country has a monarch.


