---
title: 18
date: 2020-02-26 13:07:35
description:
tags:
	- kaikai
categories:
	- english
urlname: 018
image:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">18</span>
Technology's defenders claim that the traditional tools of macroeconomics can't possibly capture the magic of a smartphone. Look up from your textbooks, they tell economist: Everything is getting better except our ability to measure how much better everything is getting. But no matter how aggressively you torture the numbers, the computer age has coincided with a decline in the rate of economic growth.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
The views of economists and author on economy of computer age are ___
A. identical
B. slightly conflicting
C. complimentary
D. opposite


<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">Technology's defenders claim that</span>  <span id="inline-blue">the traditional tools of macroeconomics can't possibly capture the magic of a smartphone.(宾从) </span> 
反对技术进度者们认为传统微经济学工具并不能控制手机的力量。

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span> 
<span id="inline-blue">Look up from your textbooks,(宾从)</span><span id="inline-yellow">they tell economist: </span> <span id="inline-blue">Everything is getting better <span id="inline-green">except our ability to measure how much better everything is getting.</span>(状语) </span> (宾从)
他们告诉经济学家们，从课本中我们可以知道，每件事情都在变好,除了我们测量每件事情变得如何好的能力没有给边。



<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
<span id="inline-green">But no matter how aggressively you torture the numbers,</span>  <span id="inline-yellow">the computer age has coincided with a decline </span> <span id="inline-red">in the rate of economic growth.</span> 
但是无论你如何的质问这个数字，计算机时代与经济增长减速的时代并存。


<span id="inline-green">microeconomics</span>
the study of financial systems at a national level
<span id="inline-green">defender</span>
if someone is a defender of a paticular thing or person that has been criticized, they argue or act in support of that things or person.
<span id="inline-green">coincided.</span> 
If one event coincides with another, they happen at the same time.
<span id="inline-green">look up from(sth)</span>
to raise your eyes when you are looking down at sth
<span id="inline-green">torture</span> To torture someone means to cause them to suffer mental pain or anxiety.


