---
title: 19
date: 2020-02-27 07:53:09
description:
tags:
	- kaikai
categories:
	- english
urlname: 19
image:
---
Even if paper catalogues sent through the mail is an imperfect medium, it still might be the best way for independent businesses to avoid getting sucked into the Amazon-Google-Facebook vortex--and for internet-weary consumers to avoid seeing the whole world through the filters fo the Big Three;s algorithms. "Something we talk about a lot is data-privacy issues," Agle says, "Obviously electronic advertising is more sustainable, but it's not necessarily better for society."

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
Agle believes that paper catalogues send by the mail is___
A. a much more efficient way to protect the environment
B. a wise business approach to avoid online competion
C. a good way to avoid manipulation by internet giants
D. a marketing method designed to protect consumer privacy


<!--more-->
~~D~~

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
Even if <span id="inline-yellow">paper catalogues </span> sent through the mail <span id="inline-yellow">is an imperfect medium</span> <span id="inline-yellow">it still might be the best way </span> for independent businesses to avoid getting sucked into the Amazon-Google-Facebook vortex-- and for internet-weary consumers to avoid seeing the whole world through the filters of the Big Three's algorithms.
即使论文目录通过邮寄是一个不完美的方式，但是他对于一个独立的商业去避免陷入亚马逊、谷歌、脸书的折磨的最好的方式，并且对于不使用因特网的人可以避免被三大巨头的过滤算法看遍。


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span> 
"Something we talk about a lot is data-privacy issues," Agle says, "Obviously electronic advertising is more sustainable, but it's not necessarily better for society."
Agle 说，数据保护是一个老生常谈的问题. 很明显电子广告活得越好，但是对社会就没有那么好。


<span id="inline-green">catalogue</span>
A catalogue is a list of things such as the goods you can buy from a particular company, the objects in a museum, or the books in a library.

<span id="inline-green">weary</span>
if you are weary of something, you have become tired of it and have lost you enthusiasm for it.

<span id="inline-green">votex</span>
if you refer to a situation as a vortex, you feel that you are being forced into it without being able to prevent it.

<span id="inline-green">sustainable</span>
You use sustainable to describe the use of natural resources when this use is kept at a steday level that is not likely to damage the enviroment.

<span id="inline-green">design to </span> 旨在
