---
title: 002
date: 2020-02-15 21:52:14
description:
tags:
	- kaikai
categories:
	- english
urlname: 002
copyright:
image: http://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/guangsizhongbin/picture/dssgo_with_the_territory.jpg
---
<span id="inline-yellow">002</span>
Consider how life-enhacing -- and even life-saving -- technologies have failed to be taken up. 'Vaccine hesitancy' is more a social phenomenon than a technical one, and the main cause of measles return. Solutions depend not on medical breakthroughs, but on insight from anthropologist, who have done much to understand people's decisions about whether to vaccinate themselves and their children.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
According to the author,solutions of measles return depends on ___.
A. the efforts of social science researchers.
B. the novel medical achievements.
C. the insight and belief of the public.
D. the effects of vaccination.
<!--more-->
c.

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
Consider how life-enhacing -- and even life-saving -- technologies have failed to be taken up.
鉴于如何提升生活甚至是保护生命，科技已经不能发挥作用。

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span> 
'Vaccine hesitancy' is more a social phenomenon than a technical one, and the main cause of measles return.
'Vaccine hesitancy'更多的是一个社会问题而不是一个技术问题,造成这个问题的主要原因是measles 的返回

<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
Solutions depend not on medical breakthroughs, but on insight from anthropologist, who have done much to understand people's decisions about whether to vaccinate themselves and their children. 
解决这个问题并不取决于医疗的新突破，而是在于人类学家的视野，他们做了很多事情去理解人类关于为什么关注他们自己和他们的孩子的决定。


<span id="inline-purple">measles</span> an infectious disease than produces small, red spots all over the body.
<span id="inline-purple">infectious</span> if a felling is infectious, it spreads to other people.
<span id="inline-purple">vaccine</span>
a substance which contains a weak form of the ↑bacteria or ↑virus that causes a disease and is used to protect people from that disease:
<span id="inline-purple">vaccination</span>if a person or animal is vaccinated, they are given a vaccine, usually by injection, to prevent the, from getting a disease.

<span id="inline-red">more a than b</span> 与其说，不如说
<span id="inline-red">take up</span> if you take up an activity or a subject, you become interested in it and spend time doing it, either as a hobby or as a career.
<span id="inline-red">the main cause of something return</span> ...死灰复燃的主要原因
<span id="inline-red">brief</span> 信仰
