---
title: 24
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-03 07:43:53
description:
urlname: 24
image:
top:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">24</span>
What makes Google v. Oracle still more intriguing is that legal scholars are genuinely uncertain of the outcome. Unlike issues such as abortion and gun control, Supreme Court justices’ views on copyright are seldom scrutinized during the appointment process, making it harder to predict how they’ll rule.



<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
It can be inferred from the text that__.
A. the copyright case is more complicated than the case of abortion or gun ccontrol.
B. the stance of justices on the abortion is much harder than that on copyright.
C. the legal scholars are familiar with the justices' views on abortion or gun control.
D. Google v. Oracle case makes it harder to predict justices' ruling on copyright.

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">A</span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">What makes Google v. Oracle still more intriguing is that</span> <span id="inline-blue">legal scholars are genuinely uncertain of the outcome</span>.
法律的学者真的无法确定收入的多少，使得谷歌和甲骨文一直保持者诱惑力。



<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-green">Unlike issues such as abortion and gun control</span>, <span id="inline-yellow">Supreme Court justices’ views on copyright are seldom scrutinized</span><span id="inline-green">during the appointment process, making it harder to predict how they’ll rule.</span>
不像流产和枪控制的问题，在委任的过程中，超级法庭的法官很少进行仔细检查，使得很难去判断如何审判



---

<span id="inline-green">intriguing</span>:
If you describe something as intriguing, you mean that it is interesting or strange.


<span id="inline-green">genuinely</span>:
Genine is used to describe people and things that are exactly what they appear to be, and are not false or an imitation.

<span id="inline-green">scrutinize</span>
to examine something very carefully in order to discover.

<span id="inline-green">apponitment process</span>
任命过程。

<span id="inline-green">uncertain of the outcome</span>
不确定结果如何

<span id="inline-green">suporeme court justices</span>
最高法院大法官

---



---
Reference:

