---
title: 26
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-05 07:24:55
description:
urlname: 26
image:
top:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">26</span>
Instead, Harari predicts that the key skills they need to survive and thrive in the 21st century will be emotional intelligence (it is still difficult to imagine a computer caring for a sick person or a child), and the ability to deal with change. If we can predict nothing else about the future, we know that it is going to involve a rapidly accelerating pace of change, from the growth of AI to a warming climate. Coping with this level of uncertainty will require adaptability and psychological resilience.


<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
Harari believes that to be successful in the future one has to__.
A. have hands-on experience in the caring industry.
B. command the ability to memorize tons of new facts.
C. be highly skillful at a range of different professions.
D. be able to persist in the face of unpleasant events.

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">D</span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-green">Instead</span>, <span id="inline-yellow">Harari predicts that</span> <span id="inline-blue">the key skills</span> <span id="inline-red">they need to survive and thrive in the 21st century</span>  <span id="inline-blue">will be emotional intelligence</span>  (it is still difficult to imagine a computer caring for a sick person or a child), <span id="inline-blue">and the ability to deal with change</span>.
反而，Harari认为在21世纪得以生存和存活的主要技能将是情商（仍旧很难预测一台计算机如何照顾一个病人或者一个孩子）,以及适应改变的能力。


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-green">If we can predict nothing else about the future</span> , <span id="inline-yellow">we know that</span> <span id="inline-blue">it is going to involve a rapidly accelerating pace of change</span>, <span id="inline-purple">from the growth of AI to a warming climate</span>.
如果我们无法预测未来，因为我们陷入了一个快速改变的世界，从AI的增长到一个气候的警告。



<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 

<span id="inline-yellow">Coping with this level of uncertainty will require adaptability and psychological resilience.</span> 
应付这种等级的不确定，需要适应力和心理韧性。


---

<span id="inline-green">resillience</span>:
People and things that are resilient are able to recover easily and quickly from unpleasant or damaging event.


<span id="inline-green"><++></span>:


---



---
Reference:
[kaikai26](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/9ObYFjLL1OQgLrJWjsdWxg)

