---
title: 27
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-06 09:11:35
description:
urlname: 27
image:
top:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">27</span>
In November 2013, venture capitalist Aileen Lee published an article coining the term “unicorn” to describe a startup that’s less than a decade old and worth at least $1bn. She chose the word carefully, to convey a mix of rarity and magic power. What Lee seemingly didn’t anticipate was that just a few years later it would have become a misnomer: these days there’s nothing rare about unicorns.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
At present, the term "unicorn"__.
A. aptly captures the traits of tech startup.
B. has been too overused to be accurate.
C. is known to be a chosen word by linguists.
D. has been used wrongly by entrepreneurs.

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc"><++></span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-green">In November 2013</span>, <span id="inline-yellow">venture capitalist Aileen Lee published an article</span> <span id="inline-blue">coining the term “unicorn” to describe a startup </span> <span id="inline-red">that’s less than a decade old and worth at least $1bn</span>.
在2013年11月，风险投资家Aileen Lee 写了一篇文章，她首次使用了unicorn这一词语去描述初创企业在一个世纪内就价值10亿美元。


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">She chose the word carefully</span>, <span id="inline-green">to convey a mix of rarity and magic power</span>.
她用词谨慎，去传递这种稀有和神奇的力量。



<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
 <span id="inline-yellow">What Lee seemingly didn’t anticipate was that just a few years later it would have become a misnomer</span>:<span id="inline-purple">these days there’s nothing rare about unicorns.</span>
几年之后lee好像并没有参见unicorn，如今对于unicorn已经没有什么好稀有的了。


---几年之后lee好像并没有参见unicorn，如今对于unicorn已经没有什么好稀有的了。

<span id="inline-green">venture capitalist</span>
A venture capitalist is someone who makes money by investing in high risk project.


<span id="inline-green">coin</span>
If you coin a word or a phrase, you are the first person to say it.

<span id="inline-green">misnomer</span>
If you say that a word or name is a misnomer, you mean that it describes something incorrectly.

<span id="inline-green">unicorn</span>
In stories and legends, a unicorn is an imaginary animal that looks like a white horse and has aa horn growing from its forehead.

<span id="inline-green">alchemy</span>
Alchemy is the power to change or create things in a way which seems mysterious and magical.

<span id="inline-green">aptly</span>
An apt remark, description, or choice is especially suitable.

---



---
Reference:
[kakai27](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/RIcPh-B_-bRk4yHsrH_hVg)
