---
title: 28
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-07 07:33:01
description:
urlname: 28
image:
top:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">28</span>
Charles Darwin’s place in the scientific pantheon is deservedly secure, but he made his share of blunders. One of the gravest was maintaining that the effects of natural selection, the key link of evolution, could not be observed in a single human lifetime.



<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
According to the author, the effects of natural selectioin__.
A. were mistakes made by Charles Darwin
B. can be detected within decades years
C. have been condemned by researchers
D. were always invisible to the naked eye

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">~~A~~</span> B


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">Charles Darwin’s place in the scientific pantheon is deservedly secure, but he made his share of blunders</span>.
查尔斯达尔文位于科学名流是理所当然地，但是他自己也有一份误解。

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">One of the gravest was maintaining</span> <span id="inline-blue">that the effects of natural selection</span> , <span id="inline-purple">the key link of evolution</span> , <span id="inline-yellow">could not be observed</span>  <span id="inline-green">in a single human lifetime</span>.
关于自然选择最大的错误之一，进化的联系，不能在一个单独的人身上所观察到。

---
<span id="inline-green">pantheon</span>
You can refer to a group of gods or a group of important people as a pantheon.

<span id="inline-green">deservedly</span>:
If something happens to you deservedly, you deserve it to happen.

<span id="inline-green">graveest</span>:
A grave event or situation is very serious, important, and worrying.

<span id="inline-green">blunder</span>
a serious mistake, usually caused by not taking care or thinking

<span id="inline-green">the naked eye</span>
unassisted vision, without a telescope, microscope, or other device.

---



---
Reference:

