---
title: 29
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-08 07:26:56
description:
urlname: 29
image:
top:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">29</span>
When it comes to building tools that help solve the world’s truly wicked problems, it’s the older visionaries who’ll get it done. Consider the recent findings of a group of academics from MIT who examined the success rates of startups. When they homed in on elite “high-growth” tech firms, they discovered the average age of the founders was 45. 


<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
It can be learned form the passage that__.
A. people's age plays the pivotal role in startups' success.
B. the old vision will help the sound growth of tech firm
C. the wicked problems can be addressed without elites
D. the success of startups in determined by research findings.

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc"></span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-green">When it comes to building tools</span>  <span id="inline-red">that help solve the world’s truly wicked problems</span> , <span id="inline-yellow"><span id="inline-blue">it’s</span>  the older visionaries</span><span id="inline-blue"> who</span> <span id="inline-yellow">’ll get it done</span></span>.

当需要去创造工具去解决世界上真正的恶劣的问题时，年老的富有远见的人他已经做好了。


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">Consider the recent findings</span> <span id="inline-red">of a group of academics from MIT who examined the success rates of startups.</span> 
最近一群来自MIT的学者验证了成功的机率。



<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
<span id="inline-green">When they homed in on elite “high-growth” tech firms</span> , <span id="inline-yellow">they discovered the average age of the founders was 45</span>.
当他们调查高成长的精英科技公司时，他们发现创立者的平均年龄在45岁。

---

<span id="inline-green">pivotal</span>:
central and important


<span id="inline-green">visionaries</span>:
If you refer to someone as a visionary, you mean that they have strong, original ideas about how things might be different in the future, especially about how things might be imporoved.

<span id="inline-green">home in on</span>
to find and give a lot of attentioin to something or someone.

<span id="inline-green">old-school</span>
old-fashioned


---



---
Reference:
[29](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/u6V6qe9-TBMarMrcossyhg) <++>
