---
title: 32
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-11 07:18:45
description:
urlname: 32
image:
top:
---
<span id="inline-yellow"></span>
Last October, the University of Nottingham advertised a £9.65-an-hour role for a temporary worker to monitor the overflow live stream for first-year law students. Overflow rooms typically accommodate large audiences when well-known figures give public lectures. All the named universities said that overflow classes were a short-term arrangement to cover busy periods at the beginning of the academic year.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
Why did the University of Nottingham advertise for a temporary position?
A. To teach temporarily first-year law students.
B. To serve the large audiences in overflow rooms
C. To escort and assist the well-known figures
D. To promote online courses for the law school

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">~~A~~</span>
B.


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-green">Last October</span>, <span id="inline-yellow">the University of Nottingham advertised a £9.65-an-hour role </span> <span id="inline-red">for a temporary worker</span> <span id="inline-green">to monitor the overflow live stream for first-year law students</span>.
去年十月，诺丁汉大学以1小时9.65英镑的的价格招聘了临时演员，以为大一的法律学生展现一场直播。


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">Overflow rooms typically accommodate large audiences</span> <span id="inline-green">when well-known figures give public lectures.</span>  

当有名人来演讲时，overflow rooms会挤满观众。

<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
<span id="inline-yellow">All the named universities said</span> <span id="inline-blue">that overflow classes were a short-term arrangement to cover busy periods at the beginning of the academic year.</span> 
所有著名的大学都说这种课堂是一个短期的安排，为了应对在在学术年开始的繁忙时期。

---

<span id="inline-green">monitor</span>:
If you monitor something, you regularly check its development or progress, and sometimes commt on it.


<span id="inline-green">escort</span>:
If you escort someone somewhere, you accompany them there, usually in order to make sure that they leave a place or get to their destination.


---



---
Reference:
[32](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/KMvEc7almZ098IfBwChMYw)

