---
title: 33
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-12 07:26:42
description:
urlname: 33
image:
top:

---
<span id="inline-yellow">33</span>
These crises, industry insiders say, spring from a culture that consistently put short-term rewards to shareholders ahead of engineering-driven decisions and long-term strategy. For all of Boeing’s business coups and innovation, one stark statistic has come to symbolize the company’s priorities: Over the past six years, Boeing spent $43.4 billion on stock buybacks, compared with $15.7 billion on research and development for commercial airplanes.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
According to industry insiders, Boeing___
A. has an existing cultrure of corruption and fraud.
B. has given priority to engineering-driven decisions.
C. has put stock price before engineering research.
D. has given small rewards to shareholder and strategy.

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">C</span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">These crises</span>, <span id="inline-green">industry insiders say</span> , <span id="inline-yellow">spring from a culture </span> <span id="inline-red">that consistently put short-term rewards to shareholders ahead of engineering-driven decisions and long-term strategy.</span> 
公司的内部的人员说，这种危机来自于一种文化，就是不断地给股东短期奖励，而不是以工程驱动和长期的策略。



<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-green">For all of Boeing’s business coups and innovation</span>, <span id="inline-yellow">one stark statistic has come to symbolize the company’s priorities</span>: <span id="inline-green">Over the past six years</span>,<span id="inline-yellow"> Boeing spent $42.4 billion on stock buybacks</span>, <span id="inline-green">compared with $15.7 billion</span><span id="inline-red"> on research and development for commercial airplanes</span>.
对于波音的商业变革和创新，统计数字已经鲜明地代表了其优先事项：在过去六年中，波音公司花费了424亿美元进行股票回购，而在商用飞机上的研发支出是157亿美元。



---

<span id="inline-green">coup</span>:
when there is a coup, a group of people seize power in a country.

<span id="inline-green">stark</span>:
Stark choices or statements are harsh and unpleasant.

<span id="inline-green">priorities</span>
If something takes priority or has priority over other things, it is regarded as being more important than them and is dealt with it.


---



---
Reference:

