---
title: 34
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-13 07:36:23
description:
urlname: 34
image:
top:

---
<span id="inline-yellow"></span>
Companies are delegating considerable HR responsibility to machines, and the list of personnel tasks in which A.I. plays a role is likely only to grow. Low unemployment and tight labor markets are putting employers under pressure to take any technological advantage they can get in the war for talent.


<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
We can learn from the passage that___
A. companies will recruit more HR staff in the war for talent
B. A.I. will make labor employment much cheaper.
C. machines will replace personnel in the war for talent.
D. employers will use more A.I. help in the war for talent.

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">D</span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-green">Companies are delegating considerable HR responsibility to machines</span>, <span id="inline-yellow">and the list</span>  <span id="inline-red">of personnel tasks</span>  <span id="inline-green">in which A.I. plays a role</span>  <span id="inline-yellow">is likely only to grow</span> . 
企业正委派大量人力资源管理的任务给机器，人工智能所参与的任务清单会越来越长。

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-red">Low unemployment and tight labor</span> <span id="inline-yellow">markets are putting employers</span> <span id="inline-green">under pressure</span>  <span id="inline-yellow">to take any technological advantage</span>  <span id="inline-red">they can get</span> <span id="inline-green">in the war for talent</span>.
在低失业率和高劳动力成本的市场的压力下，他们尽可能的在人才大战中使用技术的优势去获得人才。



---

<span id="inline-green">delagate</span>:
If you delegate duties, responsibilites, or power to someone, you give them those duties, those responsibilities, or that power so that they can act on your behalf.


<span id="inline-green">personnel</span>:
Personnel is the department in a large company or organization that deals with employees, keeps their records, and helps with any problems they might have.

<span id="inline-green">put sb under pressure</span>
给某人带来压力

<span id="inline-green">take any technological advantage</span>
利用技术优势

<span id="inline-green">the war for talent</span>
人才大战

---



---
Reference:

