---
title: 35
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-17 08:14:48
description:
urlname: 35
image:
top:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">35</span>
For decades the holy grail of AI for education has been the creation of an autonomous tutor: an algorithm that can monitor students’ progress, understand what they know and what motivates them, and provide an optimal, adaptive learning experience. However, autonomous tutors of 2020 look quite different from this ideal. Education with auto-tutors usually engages students with problems designed to be easy for the algorithm to interpret—as opposed to joyful for the learner.


<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
The author holds that AI for education___.
A. missed its original purpose
B. makes students sad and down
C. is no longer the holy grail of AI
D. is not suitable for the algorithm

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc"></span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-green">For decades</span> <span id="inline-yellow">the holy grail</span>  <span id="inline-red">of AI for education</span> <span id="inline-purple">has been the creation of an autonomous tutor</span>: an algorithm <span id="inline-red">that can monitor students’ progress, understand what they know and what motivates them, and provide an optimal, adaptive learning experience.</span> 
一个算法可以监督学生的进度，知道他们已经知道什么，什么需要提升，并提供最优，合适的学习体验。

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
However, autonomous tutors of 2020 look quite different from this ideal. 
然而，在2020年自动化的老师看起来与这一观点非常不同。

<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
Education with auto-tutors usually engages students with problems designed to be easy for the algorithm to interpret—as opposed to joyful for the learner.
自动化的老师为了吸引学生，通常用简单的问题去吸引学生



---

<span id="inline-green"><++></span>:


<span id="inline-green"><++></span>:


---



---
Reference:

