---
title: 37
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-17 12:57:19
description:
urlname: 37
image:
top:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">37</span>
In recent years, GPS has become so reliable and so ubiquitous that you can forget it’s even there—much less that it can fail. But it’s surprisingly easy, it turns out, to knock the system into disarray. The shipping industry, meanwhile, appears underprepared to cope with breakdowns and unwilling to invest in self-defense in the absence of a frightening disaster it has so far been fortunate to avoid.



<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
It can be infered from the text that the GPS system is___.
A. particularly susceptible to the attack
B. not trustworthy in terms of positioning
C. not as widely used now as in the past
D. developed by the shipping industry

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">A</span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-green">In recent years</span> , <span id="inline-yellow">GPS has become so reliable and so ubiquitous</span>  <span id="inline-green">that you can forget it’s even there</span> —<span id="inline-purple">much less that it can fail</span>.
最近几年,GPS变得如此的可靠和稳定，以至于你可以忘记它的存在，它很少会失误。



<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
But it’s surprisingly easy, it turns out, to knock the system into disarray.
但是，如果它一旦出现错误，就会造成一个系统的错误。


<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
<span id="inline-yellow">The shipping industry</span> , <span id="inline-green">meanwhile</span>, <span id="inline-yellow">appears underprepared to cope with breakdowns and unwilling</span>  <span id="inline-green">to invest in self-defense in the absence of a frightening disaster</span>  <span id="inline-red">it has so far been fortunate to avoid</span>.

这就意味着，对于运输行业而言, 当面临

---

<span id="inline-green">susceptible</span>:
if you are susceptible to something or someone, you are very likely to be influenced by them.


<span id="inline-green">ubiquitous</span>:
if you describe something or someone as ubiquitous, you mean that they seem to be everywhere.

<span id="inline-green">so far</span>
until now


---



---
Reference:

