---
title: 39
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-18 08:42:48
description:
urlname: 39
image:
top:

---
<span id="inline-yellow">39</span>
In the years since Earth Day, something weird and wonderful has happened: we ingenious humans figured out how to tread more lightly on our planet, even as we become more numerous and prosperous over time. This happy phenomenon is most advanced in the richest countries, but it’s spreading around the world. Almost nobody anticipated that it would happen, and even today very few people are aware that the apparently unchallenged trade-off between human prosperity and the state of nature has been eased.



<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
It can be infered from the text that__.
A. there is disjunction between the real picture and our anticipation
B. the existence of trade-off is beyond most people's anticipation.
C. the environmental crisis is worse that we have expected.
D. happy phenomenon cannot prevail in developing countries.

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">B</span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
<span id="inline-green">In the years since Earth Day</span>, <span id="inline-yellow">something weird and wonderful has happened</span>:<span id="inline-purple">we ingenious humans figured out how to tread more lightly on our planet, even as we become more numerous and prosperous over time.</span> 

这几年举办地球日之后，一些奇怪和美好的事情发生了, 随着我们变得空前繁荣和人口众多，我们巧妙的发现了如何减少对地球的伤害。

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">This happy phenomenon is most advanced</span> <span id="inline-green">in the richest countries</span>, <span id="inline-green">but it’s spreading around the world</span>.

这种令人高兴的现象最先发生富有的国家中，并传播到世界各国。

<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
Almost nobody anticipated that it would happen, and even today very few people are aware that the apparently unchallenged trade-off between human prosperity and the state of nature has been eased.

几乎没有人认为这会发生，即使是今天也很少人认识到在人类繁荣和自然之中明显的不可调和的平衡已经消失。

---

<span id="inline-green">prevail</span>:
If a situation, attitude, or custom prevails in a particular place at a particular time, it is normal or most common in that place at that time.


<span id="inline-green">trade-off</span>:
a situation in which you balance two opposing situations or qualities.

<span id="inline-green">anticipate</span>
to imagine or expect that something will happen.

<span id="inline-green">ingenious</span>
Something that is ingenious is very clever and involves new ideas, methods, or equipment.

<span id="inline-green">figure out </span>
to finally understand something or someone, or find the solution to a problem after a lot of thought.

<span id="inline-green">tread</span>
if you tread on something, you put your foot on it when you are walking or standing.

<span id="inline-green">advanced</span>
modern and well developed.

---



---
Reference:

