---
title: 004
date: 2020-02-16 19:12:50
description:
tags:
	- kaikai
categories:
	- english
copyright:
urlname: 004
image:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">004</span>
The recently published Build Yourself Happy: The joy of Lego Play promises that getting hands-on can improve you cognitive skills and allow you to practise mindfulness. For many,it is a reaction to the stresses of modern adult life, a relief from the constant mediation of experience through a screen, and a rare opportunity to be in undisputed charge of things.

<span id="inline-yellow">Q</span>
What is the author's attitude toward adult Lego playing?
A. stressful
B. indispensable
C. supportive
D. dubious

<!--more-->
C.

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span> 
The recently published Build Yourself Happy: The joy of Lego Play promises that getting hands-on can improve you cognitive skills and allow you to practise mindfulness.
最近出版的<给自己快乐>认为，给自己触手可得的许诺可以提升你的认知技巧和允许你去做有意义的练习。


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span> 
 For many,it is a reaction to the stresses of modern adult life, a relief from the constant mediation of experience through a screen, and a rare opportunity to be in undisputed charge of things.
对于大多数的人来说，对于现代成年人来说，缓解来自屏幕的城市生活的压力是一件很愉快的事情，并拥有少有机会的去不受干扰的控制一些事情。


<span id="inline-green">dubious</span> not sure something is good or false.
<span id="inline-green">mindfulness</span> which is a way of training your mind to concentrate on the present, in order to feel calm and improve your mental state.
<span id="inline-green">hands-on</span> Hands-on experience or work involves actually doing a particular thing, rather than just talking about it or getting someone else to do it.
<span id="inline-green">undisputed</span> If you describe a fact or opinion as undisputed, you are trying to persuade someone that it is generally accepted as true or correct.
