---
title: 40
copyright: true
tags:
  - kaikai
categories:
  - english
math: false
date: 2020-03-19 08:07:15
description:
urlname: 40
image:
top:

---
<span id="inline-yellow">40</span>
Sure, both Visa and MasterCard have zero-liability policies that say you won’t be held responsible for unauthorized card charges as long as you report the fraud promptly. But wording in the fine print adds a warning: to qualify, the cardholder must use care to protect the card. Could a password that’s easy to crack violate those rules?



<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
The zero-liability policies of Visa and MaterCard__.
A. arouse the concern of its interpretation
B. are to protect the authorized card use
C. intends to safeguard the cybersecurity
D. guarantee the safety and interest of users

---

<!--more-->

<span id="inline-toc">A.</span>


<span id="inline-yellow">主干</span>
<span id="inline-green">状语</span>
<span id="inline-red">定语</span>
<span id="inline-blue">灵活</span>
<span id="inline-purple">同位语</span>

<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
Sure, <span id="inline-yellow">both Visa and MasterCard have zero-liability policies that</span> <span id="inline-red">say you won’t be held responsible for unauthorized card charges</span> <span id="inline-green">as long as you report the fraud promptly</span>.
Visa 和MasterCard 都有零责任的政策， 只要你提交了错误的订单，你讲不用为未授权的账单负责。

<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
<span id="inline-yellow">But wording in the fine print adds a warning</span>:<span id="inline-blue">to qualify, the cardholder must use care to protect the card.</span> 
但是在后面又加入细小的警告：为了安全，卡片的所有者必须小心的保护此卡。


<span id="inline-toc">3.</span> 
<span id="inline-yellow">Could a password</span> <span id="inline-red">that’s easy to crack</span> <span id="inline-yellow">violate those rules</span>?
如何密码很容易被破解会违反这条规则吗？


---

<span id="inline-green">violate</span>:
If someone violates an agreement, law, or promise, they break it.

<span id="inline-green">qualify</span>
to have the legal right to have or do something because of the situation you are in, or to cause someone to have such a right.

<span id="inline-green">promptly</span>:
If you do something promptly, you do it immediately.

<span id="inline-green">fine</span>
Something that is fine is very delicate, narrow, or small.

<span id="inline-green">cybersecurity</span>
things that are done to protect a person, organization, or country and their computer information against crime or atacks carried out using the internet.

---



---
Reference:
[30](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/HMx6RylQqPe6XWuckzLRwQ) 
