---
title: 007
date: 2020-02-18 16:10:36
description:
tags:
	- kaikai
categories:
	- english
urlname: 007
image:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">007</span>
While it makes sense to be worried about the climate emergency, becoming overwhelmed is counterproductive. The sound advice from psychologists that actions, however small, can help to alleviate feelings of distress and powerlessness echoes the experiences of activists, that "the minute you start doing something, the depression goes away".

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
According to the text, the experiences of activists show that__.
A. It is not productive to worry about climate.
B. It is important to seek professional advice.
C. It reduces emotional suffering to take actions.
D. It makes people feel better to ignore anxiety.

<!--more-->
C.
<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
While it makes sense to be worried about the climate emergency, becoming overwhelmed is counterproductive.
虽然去担忧~~紧急的事情~~ 是有意义的，但是过度的担忧是有害的。


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
The sound advice from psychologists that actions, however small, can help to alleviate feelings of distress and powerlessness echoes the experiences of activists, that "the minute you start doing something, the depression goes away".
~~人类学家~~关于行动的建议,~~通过一系列很小的活动~~，可以对减轻沮丧和无力的感觉，也就是说，当你开始做某事的时候，沮丧已经离开。

<span id="inline-green">sound advice</span> Sound advice, reasoning , or evidence is reliable and sensible.
<span id="inline-green">activists</span> An activist is a person who works to bring about political or social changes by campaigning in public or working for an organization.
<span id="inline-green">psychologists</span> A psychologist is a person who studies the human mind and tries to explain why people behave in the way that they do.
<span id="inline-green">depression</span> the state of feeling every unhappy and without hope for the future.
<span id="inline-green">however small</span> 无论多么微不足道
