---
title: 008
date: 2020-02-19 08:03:09
description:
tags:
 - kaikai
categories:
	- english
urlname: 008
image:
---
<span id="inline-yellow">008</span>
Ironically, urbanization is good, even crucial, for the survival of a human-populated planet. Denser cities beat suburban sprawl insofar as they reduce individual carbon footprints. We humans may need exposure to nature, but nature sure as hell doesn't need exposure to us. The better way forward is to keep living in densely packed places, but use tech and design to weave nature into our indoor world.

<span id="inline-blue">Q</span>
According to the author, what can be said of urbanization?
A. It encourages human exposure to nature.
B. It creates wholesome conditions for residents.
C. It is a better way for protecting the environment.
D. It is primarily composed of sprawling suburbs.

<!--more-->
C.
<span id="inline-toc">1.</span>
Ironically, urbanization is good, even crucial, for the survival of a human-populated planet.
讽刺性的是，城市化是好的，对于一个人口众多的地球来说，是至关重要的。


<span id="inline-toc">2.</span>
Denser cities beat suburban sprawl insofar as they reduce individual carbon footprints.
密集化的城市抗击城市的外延就如同人们减少个人碳足记一样。


<span id="inline-toc">3.</span>
 We humans may need exposure to nature, but nature sure as hell doesn't need exposure to us.
我们人类需要接触大自然，但是大自然根本不需要接触我们。

<span id="inline-toc">4.</span> 
 The better way forward is to keep living in densely packed places, but use tech and design to weave nature into our indoor world.
用科技和设计把大自然编织进我们室内的世界是在高密度的地方生活的最好的方式.


<span id="inline-green">ironically</span> You use ironically to draw attention to a situation which is odd or amusing because it involves a contrast.
<span id="inline-green">crucial</span> If you describe something as crucial, you mean it is extremely important.
<span id="inline-green">denser</span> Something that is dense contains a lot of things or people in a small area.
<span id="inline-green">sprawl</span> You can use sprawl to refer to an area where a city has grown out wards in an uncontrolled way.

<span id="inline-red">insofar as</span> = in so far as. ---> which means 在...方面，就...而言.
<span id="inline-red">sure as hell</span> = surely ---> which means 当然;确定
